matchmaker/README.md, before:

# Matchmaker

The **matchmaker** is a *Lambda* function that creates rooms for users.

Users have to send their preference (coming from the **recommender system**), and the **matchmaker** try to satisfy as many users as possible.

We already have a *Lightsail* instance running in the cloud. For simplicity, we will not use *Lambda* for now. The **matchmaker** will communicate with the **fleet manager** through an open port, both on the same machine.

# Environment

Variable | Expected value
-- | --
**MAXIMUM_ROOM_SIZE** | Maximum number of users in a room
**IP_ADDRESS** | Public host IP address

# Development

```sh
cd matchmaker
docker build -t <your-image> .
docker run -dp <your-port>:8080 <your-image>
# Go to http://localhost:<your-port>/docs to test your API
```

# Upload to DockerHub

1. Sign in [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com)
2. Click on **Create Repository**
3. Login with the CLI: `docker login -u <your-username>`
4. Build your image: `docker build -t <your-username>/<your-repository>`
5. Push your image: `docker push <your-username>/<your-repository>`

# Upload to AWS Lightsail

Simply use your image in **DockerHub** in your *AWS Lightsail* instance. Don't forget to open a port in your *AWS Lightsail Networking* section.

### Connect Docker to Host

- [host.docker.internal - macOS](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/24319662/from-inside-of-a-docker-container-how-do-i-connect-to-the-localhost-of-the-mach)
- [172.17.0.1 - Linux](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/48546124/what-is-linux-equivalent-of-host-docker-internal)

Commit message:

Add host env, problem with docker

matchmaker/README.md, after:

# Matchmaker

The **matchmaker** is a *Lambda* function that creates rooms for users.

Users have to send their preference (coming from the **recommender system**), and the **matchmaker** try to satisfy as many users as possible.

We already have a *Lightsail* instance running in the cloud. For simplicity, we will not use *Lambda* for now. The **matchmaker** will communicate with the **fleet manager** through an open port, both on the same machine.

# Environment

Variable | Expected value
-- | --
**MAXIMUM_ROOM_SIZE** | Maximum number of users in a room
**IP_ADDRESS** | Public host IP address
**HOST_ADDRESS** | Host address of the docker container

# Development

```sh
cd matchmaker
docker build -t <your-image> .
docker run -dp 8080:8080 -e MAXIMUM_ROOM_SIZE=$MAXIMUM_ROOM_SIZE -e IP_ADDRESS=$IP_ADDRESS -e HOST_ADDRESS=$HOST_ADDRESS <your-image> 
# Go to http://localhost:<your-port>/docs to test your API
```

# Upload to DockerHub

1. Sign in [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com)
2. Click on **Create Repository**
3. Login with the CLI: `docker login -u <your-username>`
4. Build your image: `docker build -t <your-username>/<your-repository>`
5. Push your image: `docker push <your-username>/<your-repository>`

# Upload to AWS Lightsail

Simply use your image in **DockerHub** in your *AWS Lightsail* instance. Don't forget to open a port in your *AWS Lightsail Networking* section.

### Connect Docker to Host

- [host.docker.internal - macOS](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/24319662/from-inside-of-a-docker-container-how-do-i-connect-to-the-localhost-of-the-mach)
- [172.17.0.1 - Linux](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/48546124/what-is-linux-equivalent-of-host-docker-internal)
